---
layout: post
title:  "DRDO Recruitment 2019 - DRDO Backed LRDE is Looking to Hire Mechanical Engineers, Salary Rs 25,000"
author: Bipin
categories: [ featured, jobs ]
featured: true
image: images/jobs.png
hidden: true
rating: 5
---
##DRDO recruitment 2019 for engineers is being conducted at LRDE, and this time there is requirement for mechanical engineers

DRDO recruitment 2019 for engineers is happening across DRDO laboratories, and as per the latest DRDO recruitment 2019 notification there is a requirement of Mechanical Engineers for the position of JRF at the Electronics and Radar Development Establishment (LRDE), Bengaluru. The DRDO recruitment 2019 notification, available on the DAVP website, says that the Junior Research Fellow (JRF) positions would initially be valid for a period of two years, after which the candidates would be elevated to Senior Research Fellow (SRF), subject to satisfactory performance as per the assessment of an assigned committee. SRF would be extendable maximum to a period of 3 years. DRDO JRF Vacancy, once filled, can award a stipend of RS 25,000 per month along with a house rent allowance as allowed by rules.


##Who is Eligible to Apply for the DRDO JRF Vacancy?
As per the DRDO Recruitment 2019 notification, there are a total of two positions available for which Indian nationals who are not more than 28 years of age (relaxable for SC and ST) are eligible to apply provided they have the following qualifications: Mechanical Engineers with a BE or BTech degree in first division from a recognized university along with a valid GATE score; OR, Mechanical Engineers with a first class ME or MTech degree in both graduation and post-graduation level from a recognized university. However, the award of fellowship does not confer on the fellow the right for regular absorption into DRDO, says the notification.

##How to apply for the DRDO JRF Vacancy?
Interested candidates who fulfill the required eligibility criteria need to send a type written application with the complete bio-data in the format provided in the DRDO recruitment 2019 notification, and send it to Director, LRDE, CV Raman Nagar, Bangalore 560093 within the first week of June. A recent passport size photograph of the candidate needs to also be affixed at the right top corner of the application. Also, self-attested copies of certificates and mark sheets need to be sent.

Furthermore, a crossed Indian Postal Order of Rs 10, drawn in the favor of Director, LRDE needs to be sent along with the application. Nevertheless, SC and ST candidates are not required to pay this amount. Shortlisted candidates will be called for written test or interview. Candidates are also required to clearly mention “Application for the Post of JRF” over the envelope. Interested candidates are advised to go through the detailed notification before applying for the DRDO JRF vacancy.