---
layout: post
title:  "UPSC Recruitment 2019-Important Notice For All Civil Service Aspirants"
author: Bipin
categories: [ jobs ]
featured: true
image: images/jobs.png
hidden: true
rating: 5
---
The Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) is all set to conduct the Civil Services (Preliminary) Examination-2019 on June 2, 2019 (Sunday) across the country. The Commission has stated that the e-Admit Cards for the admitted candidates have been uploaded on its website and can be downloaded from there. The candidates will have to produce the printout of their e-Admit Card at the allotted Venue for appearing at the Examination.

Here are some other important information for the candidates appearing for the Civil Services (Preliminary) Examination-2019-

(a) The candidates are required to carry along the (original) Photo ID Card, whose number is mentioned in the e-Admit Card, for appearing at each Session of the Examination.

(b) The candidates, whose photograph is not clear/visible in the e-Admit Card or his/her signature appears in place of the photograph, are required to carry with them two photographs (one for each session). They would be allowed to appear at the Examination along with Photo ID Card, after giving an undertaking, which is available with the Examination functionaries at the venues.

 
(c) Entry into the Examination Venue shall be closed 10 minutes before the scheduled commencement of the examination i.e. 09-20 AM for the Forenoon Session (commencing at 9-30 AM) and 2-20 PM for the Afternoon Session (commencing at 2-30 PM).

Note- No candidate shall be allowed the entry into the Examination Venue after closure of the entry. As there would be frisking of the candidates, before entry into the Examination Halls/Rooms, the candidates are advised to enter the Examination Venue well in time for frisking.

(d) Candidates should also note that they shall not be allowed to appear at any other Examination Venue except the Venue mentioned in the e-Admit Card.Candidates are therefore advised to visit their allotted Venue, at-least one day before the scheduled date of the Examination to avoid any confusion/problem in reaching the allotted Venue well in time on the day of the Examination.

(e) Candidate should not be in possession of or using any mobile phone (even in switched off mode), pager or any electronic equipment or programmable device or storage media like pen drive, smart watches etc., or camera or Bluetooth devices or any other equipment or related accessories either in working or switched off mode capable of being used as a communication device during the Examination.