---
layout: post
title:  "What has Modi and Owaisi said on triple Talaak Bill ?"
author: Bipin
categories: national
image: images/owaisi.jpg
hidden: true
tags: [featured]
---
There is huge enthusiasm in the ruling party after the Triple Talak bill was passed for the benefit of  Muslim Women on her Protection of Marriage Rights in the Rajya Sabha.

These bills, already passed before the Lok Sabha, were presented in the Rajya Sabha on Tuesday and passed. In the Rajya Sabha 99 votes were cast in favor and 84 votes in the opposition.

After the bill was bassed from both the houses, this bill will now be sent to the President's approval, after which it will become law.

Prime Minister Narendra Modi tweeted, "Having a triple talaak  bill is a big step towards empowerment of women, in the name of appeasement, millions of mothers and sisters of the country have been punished for depriving them of their rights. It is proud that our government has received the pride of giving Muslim women their right. "

However AIMIM leader Asaduddin Owaisi has one after three tweets. He wrote, "Triple talaak bill should be seen as a part of the attack on Muslim identity and citizenship from 2014. Violence of the crowd, police torture and large scale jails will not be able to bend."

In the second tweet, he wrote, "I hope the All India Muslim Personal Law Board will challenge its validity." The law does not bring improvement in society. If this happens, then female feticide, child abuse, abandonment of wives and dowry practice history Become. "

Former Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah tweeted, "The strategy of the BJP / NDA in the Rajya Sabha was very great, even though there was not enough number in favor of the government in the Upper House. I would be surprised if the government in the Rajya Sabha had a single law You have to fight for that. "