--- 
layout:  post
title:  SBI Recruitment 2019-  Big Vacancy Announcement, Last Day To Apply
categories:  jobs
---
The State Bank of India (SBI) had invited applications from interested and eligible candidates for the positions of Specialist Cadre Officers, Marketing Executive.

Those who want to be a part of the India’s largest public sector bank must apply for the positions today as the last date of form submission is March 24, 2019. Below is the vacancy detail- 

SBI Recruitment 2019 Vacancy Detail

Name of Post-  Specialist Cadre Officers

Total No of Posts-  07

Name of Post-  Marketing Executive

Total No of Posts-  01

Guidelines for Filling Online Application

ALSO READ
UPSC Recruitment 2019-  Huge Notification for Multiple Posts…

SSC Jobs 2019-  Commission makes big announcement for Group…


 
Candidates will be required to register themselves online through the link available on SBI website https- //bank.sbi/careers OR https- //www.sbi.co.in/careers and pay the application fee using Internet Banking/ Debit Card/ Credit Card etc.
Candidates should first scan their latest photograph and signature. Online application will not be registered unless candidate uploads his/her photo and signature as specified on the online registration page (under ‘How to Apply”).
3. Candidates should fill the application carefully. Once application is filled-in completely, candidate should submit the same. In the event of candidate not being able to fill the application in one go, he can save the information already entered. When the information/ application is saved, a provisional registration number and password is generated by the system and displayed on the screen.

Candidate should note down the registration number and password. They can re-open the saved application using registration number and password and edit the particulars, if needed. This facility of editing the saved information will be available for three times only. Once the application is filled completely, candidate should submit the same and proceed for online payment of fee.

Age Limit

Specialist Cadre Officers

Minimum-  28 Years, Maximum-  55 Years

Marketing Executive

Minimum-  30 Years, Maximum-  50 Years