---
layout: post
title:  "SSC Recruitment 2019 - Huge Vacancies Under 7th Pay Commission Released, Apply Now"
author: Shivangi
categories: [ jobs,sarkari naukri ]
featured: true
hidden: true
---
In what could be the biggest announcement of this year, the Staff Selection Commission (SSC) issued a notification stating that it will hold a competitive examination for recruitment of Multi Tasking Staff (Revised Pay Scale after 7th CPC: Pay Level in Pay Matrix – Level-1), a General Central Service Group ‘C’ Non-Gazetted, Non-Ministerial post in various Ministries/Departments/ Offices of the Government of India, in different States/Union Territories.

The Commission released a notification in this regard mentioning about the details of the recruitment. Interested candidates are advised to go through the official notification below and apply for the same.

Vacancies: Vacancies will be determined in due course. Updated vacancies will be uploaded on the website of the Commission from time to time (https://ssc.nic.in->Candidate’s Corner-> Tentative Vacancy).

Educational Qualification: The candidates must have passed Matriculation Examination or equivalent from a recognized Board.
For details on Age Limit, candidates should go through the official notification.

Application Fees: Fee payable: Rs 100/- (Rs one hundred only).
Fee can be paid online through BHIM UPI, Net Banking, by usingVisa, Mastercard, Maestro, RuPay Credit or Debit cards or through cash in SBI Branches by generating SBI Challan.

Women candidates and candidates belonging to Scheduled Castes (SC), Scheduled Tribes (ST), Persons with Disabilities (PwD) and Ex-servicemen (ESM) eligible for reservation are exempted from payment of fee.

Online fee can be paid by the candidates up to 31-05-2019 (5.00 PM). However, candidates who wish to make the cash payment through Challan of SBI, may make the payment in cash at the Branches of SBI within the working hours of bank up to 01-06- 2019 provided the Challan has been generated by them before May 31 2019 (5.00 PM).

mportant Dates:

Dates for submission of online applications: April 22, 2019 to May 29, 2019
Last date for receipt of application: May 29.05.2019 (up to 5.00 PM)
Last date for making online fee payment: May 31, 2019 (up to 5.00 PM)
Last date for generation of offline Challan: May 31, 2019 (up to 5.00 PM)
Last date for payment through Challan (during working hours of Bank): June 1, 2019
Date of Computer Based Examination (Tier-I): August 2, 2019 to September 6, 2019
Date of Tier-II Examination (Descriptive Paper): November 17, 2019.