--- 
layout:    post
title:   ITBP Recruitment Alert 2019 <> Apply for 496 Medical Officers Posts via itbpolice.nic.in
categories:    jobs
---
Indo-Tibetan Border Police Force, ITBP has invited candidates to fill up Super Specialist Medical Officers, Specialist Medical Officers, and Medical Officers posts. Candidates who want to apply for the post should visit the official site of ITBP at itbpolice.nic.in. The last date to apply for the post is till May 1, 2019.

A total of 496 Medical Officers will be recruited through this recruitment drive. The posts will be filled in Central Armed Police Forces (ITBP, BSF, CRPF, SSB and Assam Rifles). Candidates can check for more details related to the job notification below.

ITBP Medical Officers Posts-  Important Dates
Opening date of application-  April 2, 2019
Closing date of application-  May 1, 2019
ITBP Medical Officers Posts-  Vacancy Details
Super Specialist Medical Officers (Second-in-Command)-  04 Posts
Specialist Medical Officers (Deputy Commandant)-  175 Posts
Medical Officers (Assistant Commandant)-  317 Posts
ITBP Medical Officers Posts-  Eligibility Criteria
Educational Qualification

Super Specialist Medical Officers (Second-in-Command)-  A graduate degree in Medicine (M.B.B.S) or equivalent from a recognized university/Institution included in the first schedule to the Indian Medical Council Act, 1956.
Specialist Medical Officers (Deputy Commandant), Medical Officers (Assistant Commandant)-  A recognized medical qualification of allopathic system of medicines included in the first or second schedule or Part II of the third schedule to the Indian Medical Council, 1956.
Age Limit

Super Specialist Medical Officers (Second-in-Command)-  Candidates should not be exceeding 50 years of age.
Specialist Medical Officers (Deputy Commandant)-  Candidates should not be exceeding 40 years of age.
Medical Officers (Assistant Commandant)-  Candidates should not be exceeding 30 years of age.
Official Notification 

ITBP Medical Officers Posts-  Selection Process
For all the posts candidates who are eligible will be shortlisted and will be called for interview by a Board of Officers at designated centers to assess their suitability for appointment in CAPFs.
A total of 200 marks are allotted to the selection process to test the general knowledge and ability of the candidates in the field of their academic study and also in the nature of the personality test. The minimum standard for the purpose of selection at the interview shall be 50% of the total marks prescribed for the interview of Super Specialist Medical Officers and 40% in case of Specialist Medical Officers and Medical Officers.
Selected candidates will be liable to serve anywhere in the Union of India or outside.
Other Details

All the candidates appointed to the cadre in the grade of Super Specialist Medical Officers, Specialist Medical Officers, and Medical Officers shall be on probation for a period of two years. All the male candidates applying for the post belonging to General/OBC category should pay Rs 400/- as application fee through online payment gateway system on the official site of ITBP. Candidates can visit the official site of ITBP for other related details. 

tags - sarkarinaukri,sarkari naukri,latest govt jobs,sarkari naukri in hindi,sarkari vacancy