---
layout: post
title:  "'You can marry Kashmiri girls'; Haryana CM for making controversial remark"
author: Bipin
categories: national
 

---
CHANDIGARH-Haryana Chief Minister and BJP leader Manohar Lal Khatter's statement comes a day after India's removal from the state of Jammu and Kashmir's special status. With the abolition of Article 370, it is possible to marry Kashmiri girls.

He was speaking at a function in Fatehabad on the occasion of Mahashi Bhagirath Jayanti. Later, at a function celebrating the success of the Beti Bachao or Boti Pathao campaign, Khatter said:

Now people are saying that the route to Kashmir is correct. Khatter said he would marry Kashmiri girls and bring them back. Haryana has always been a problem for girls. “Bezhi Bachao or Beti Pathao project has started the program and has been able to give a ratio of 850-933 girls per 1000 boys.

"We are trying to reach 1000," Manohar Lal Khattar said. Earlier, the BJP MLA from UP was quoted in the controversy following India's removal of its special status in Jammu and Kashmir. Vikram Singh Saini, an MLA from Khatauli constituency in Muzaffarnagar, Uttar Pradesh, has said that anyone can marry a white Kashmiri girl.

"I am very happy that the party cadres of BJP have taken away the privilege of Jammu and Kashmir," Singh said. The party ranks are very happy, especially the unmarried youth. "They can marry from Kashmir," Vikram Singh Saini said. 

haryana cm 
Controversial statement
kashmiri girls
withdraw article 370
Article 370
jammu kashmir
jammu kashmir article 370
Manohar Lal Khattar
Chief Minister of Haryana
Kashmiri girls
Article 370
Jammu and Kashmir

Last Updated 10, Aug 2019, 2 PM IST 