---
layout: post
title:  "DHSE Kerala Plus One Improvement result 2019 declared at keralaresults.nic.in"
author: Bipin
categories: jobs,education
---
 he Department of Higher Secondary Education (DHSE) Kerala on Monday declared the first year improvement results on its official website.
Highlights

    Kerala Plus One improvement results 2019 have been declared
    Candidates can check the results from the official website
    Check more details here

 The Department of Higher Secondary Education (DHSE) Kerala on Monday, September 30, 2019, announced the first year improvement results on its official website. The candidates who have appeared for the DHSE first year improvement examination can visit the official website of Kerala Results — keralaresults.nic.in - to check and download their result.

Candidates can check their DHSE first year (Plus One) improvement results either from the official website or from the direct link provided below. Candidates need to enter their registration number and date of birth to obtain the results.
 
DHSE had conducted Kerala plus one improvement examination in August 2019. Meanwhile, VHSE had announced first-year improvement examination result on September 27, 2019.

How to check DHSE first year improvement result 2019

Candidates can follow the step guide given below to check and download DHSE first year improvement result 2019.

1. Go to the official website of Kerala Results — keralaresults.nic.in

2. On the homepage click on the link which reads “DHSE first year improvement result 2019”

3. It will direct to a new page of the Kerala Results website


4. You need to enter your roll number and date of birth, and click on submit


5. Your DHSE first-year improvement result 2019 will be displayed on the screen


6. Download and take a print out of your DHSE first-year improvement result 2019 for future reference 